Have you been a part of any tech projects in the past? If yes, what were your roles and responsibilities? *

-> I was selected for Google Developer Student Club Core member last year. The first project we have started was FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPMENT. The team was divided into Research team, UI/UX team,
& coding team. Initially I was the Researcher. My job was to collect all the stuffs required for a Developer Club website. Considering my contribution, my lead promoted me as a Project Management lead.
Here I had to Perform Tasks central to program process, including scheduling & resource management. And also my job was to focus on towards every team working standards, And contribute myself for every team. I introduced two more teams for the project; whuich are Marketing and Communication.
Here markerters & C0mmunicators were subjected to promote the club w.r.t Technical Stuffs by means of Infographics and posters. This position was very challenging to me. And I gave justice to my 
role efficiently. I Consistently Met Deadlines with the team achieving commendations for 1 consecutive month. The other projects we have worked on were AI Chatbot, Facial Recognition. And organized many technical events for college intellectuals. 
Now proudly I can say that for this academic year I am selcted as Google Developer Student CLub Lead for my college.   






What factors will you take into consideration while assessing the potential of a tech program/ collaboration? *
Being a Avaricious is the only thought everyone thinks when it comes to collaboration. Which is a mediocrity.
Excluding this factor; my other considerable factors are:
1) Maturity: Its very important to be matured as a team or an individual by taking any decisions which are sensibe.
2) Provenance: While coming up with new ideas & initiatives, it can be risky to rely on group decision which can go uncertain. It's very important for one indiviual to take the final call.
3) Support: If something goes wrong how many people can solve the problem? Considering a Tech Program, with the moral support, technical supoort is very essential. 
4) Reliability & Avalaibility: Being consistent & available during breakdown is very importat.
5) Ease of implementation: Implementation of any tech idea has to be implemented in efficient way without complications. 
6) Contribution: Giving a real example; I have applied for Google Summer of Code 2021, the objective of the program was to contribute something our idea towards a particular project. 
Here I only gave them the idea with a decent project propoal and a prototype but I have not contributed. I mean its not only the idea we give but also our contribution which has to make sound.
    


Tell us about an innovation/ project you are currently working upon. *
Currently I am not working on any particular project. But I would like to talk about one of the interesting project I have worked on.
1) Web Sockets: This was the project devloped during my Software Internship  @ Eakya Tech Private Limited. HTTP was one such protocol used for Unidirectional communication between client and the server. Implementing web socket was very challenging.
This project demanded best system & browser compatibility. This WEBSOCKET[WS] protocol will be used in chat applications. Implmenting it during my internship for the company since it's a paid internship was facinating.

2) Railway Reservation Frame Work & Prison Management System: These are not innovative projects whereas these projects helped me in analyzing how to approch a project implementation milestones
in a stipulated amount of time. Railway project was developed in java as a console based application which objectifies Railway Reservation system as a whole and allows admin to book tickets accordingly using java collection framework.
Whereas Prison Management system was developed using C++ as a conslole based application which objectifies efffective management of Prisoners using the technique of File Structures. 

 

Who you are and why you should be selected

The World cannot be changed by a single person they said;
But one person is enough to initiate the change I replied;
And that is possible by building and leading a great community.

Hey one plus! I am Abhishek J M currently persuing my Bachelors in Information
Technology @ J N N College of Engineering Shimoga. 
This is my Round 2 application video for 1+ Student ambassador program 2021.

I beleive that I am more enthusiastic and positive person who is trying to build necessary
skills and qualities for the successful completion of my carrer. Technology growth are inevitable and fascinating.

Hence being a tech enthusiast I feel AI and ml more interesting, becuase as we all know it is the future of our mankind.
As a techi For programming I prefer Python language and apart from that web development is my key interest.

Talking about my experience Currently I am also an onboarded Google Developer Student CLub lead at my college who is very passionate
about evolving technologies. And also I have Coordinated 1 month of internship at my college for 
college intellectuals regarding Machine learning in association with computer society of india..

I was also the part of Google developer student club as a Researcher and Project management lead last year and 
spreadheaded 2 projects which are Full stack web development and dialogflow which is an AI CHATBOT.

And also me and my team ourselves organized many events at my college for completely 
free of cost in association with google developer student club.

Concluding with I would like to contibute myself as a Tech Innovator in 
Student Ambassador program of 1+ for this year and help the community to reach greater heights..

Finally I would like to thank 1+ SAP team for giving me this opportunity to take part in second round. 
Thank you so much.






